### Secret of self control https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTb3d5cjSFI

> Let me tell you about my mom.

> my mom was 42 years old, when I was born.

> And she started exercising for the first time in her life.

> She started by running around the belog.

- block n 街段，街区；大楼，大厦; v 阻塞，堵塞（道路、管道等）

> And then, she started doing fiveK rases.

- race n 赛跑，速度竞赛；竞争，角逐; v.（和……）比赛，参加比赛

> And then, she started doing ten key <span style="color: pink;">rases</span>.

> And after that, she ran a maring phone.

- marathon n 马拉松赛跑；马拉松式的活动

> And after that, my mom did it <span style="color: pink;"> twice a log</span>.

- triathlon n 三项全能运动

> By the time, she was fifty seven years old.

> My mom was <span style="color: pink;"> tracking up a hill </span> to the base camp of <span style="color: pink;">mountain avrist </span>.

- trekking uphill
- trek n （尤指徒步）长途跋涉；（尤指在山中）远足
- uphill adv 向上地；往上坡
- Mount Everest 珠穆朗玛峰

> And let me tell you about my dad.

> When I was a kid, my dad used to take me to science classes.

> He was also my calculase teacher in high school.

- calculus n.微积分

> I wanted to cro under the desk.

- crawl v. 爬行，匍匐前进；缓慢移动，

> I learn<span style="color: pink;">ed</span> something important from my mom.

> The value of health.

> And I learn<span style="color: pink;">ed</span> something important from my dad.

> The value of science.

> And these two values have guided me on my track through life.

- trek v.（尤指徒步）长途跋涉；（尤指在山中）远足

> And they help me appreciate another ecdemic where officing and starting bowle.  
> **And they've helped me appreciate an epidemic that we are all facing.And it's not Ebola.**

- epidemic n. 流行病，传染病； adj. 盛行的，泛滥的

> Instead, it is epidemic of healthy living.  
> **Instead, it is the epidemic of unhealthy living.**

> I have building people worldwide or on bees.  
> **A half billion people worldwide are obese.**

- obese adj.肥胖的，臃肿的

> And you would think, that fifty years after first US generases the support.  
> **And you would think that 50 years after the first U.S. Surgeon General's report**

> on the dangerous of tabaco was published.

- tobacco n.烟草，烟叶；烟草制品；烟草植株；抽烟

> That we would be beyond probably smoking.  
> **the problem of smoking.**

> Today, a billion people worldwide use tobaco.

- tobacco n.烟草，烟叶；烟草制品；烟草植株；抽烟

> Tobaco and obisity, are the two of the most peraleble causes of crimature daff.  
> **Tobacco and obesity are two of the most preventable causes of premature death.**

- obesity n.过度肥胖，肥胖症
- preventable adj.可预防的；可阻止的；可防止的
- premature adj.过早的，提早的；早产的；草率的，仓促的

> Suburn use problems, if like try to solve reject person.  
> **Solving these problems is like trying to solve a jigsaw puzzle.**

- jigsaw n. 拼图玩具；错综复杂的情况，谜团；线锯，镂花锯，钢丝锯
  v. 用线锯锯；用线锯锯
- puzzle v. 使困惑，使迷惑；（因迷惑而）苦思，冥思苦想；（通过苦苦思索）解决（或弄清楚），理出头绪（puzzle sth. out）
  n. 测验智力（或知识）的游戏（或玩具，问题）；拼图游戏，拼图玩具；令人费解的人（或事物），难题

> We engae an help on healthy behaivers because of our jenatics.  
> **We engage in unhealthy behaviors because of our genetics**

- engage v 雇用，聘请；参加，从事；吸引，引起；与……交战，开战；
- genetics n.遗传学；（有机体、特征等的）遗传性，遗传特征

> Because of our genatics, because berave of transmitters, because of enviromental xxx ,such as peers and medium.  
> **because of brain neurotransmitters,because of environmental influences such as peers and the media.**

- neurotransmitter n.神经传导物质（neurotransmitters 复数形式）
- peers n.同辈，同龄人

> Each of those pieces of parse, are not the things that you and I,can solve on our own.

- puzzle

> But there is one piece of parso, that may for the kid, are choices.  
> **But there is one piece of this puzzle that may hold the key:**

- puzzle

> But what we do, with our ciricess to engaed the behaviors, like smoking or over eating, are choices.
> **Our choices about what we do with our cravings to engage, in addictive behaviors like smoking or overeating.**.

- cravings /ˈkreɪvɪŋz/ n.渴望（craving 的复数）
- engage v.雇用，聘请；参加，从事；吸引，引起；与……交战，开战；（使）（机器）啮合，接合

> There is a new science, of self control,

> may help the key to xxx the optimatics.  
> **that may hold the key to reversing these epidemics.**

- reversing v. 颠倒，完全改变；撤销，废除；使反转；交换

> It is called willingness.

> Willingness means allowing your xxxx to come and to go,

- cravings

> but not acting them by smoking or eating on healthy.  
> **while not acting on them by smoking or eating unhealthy.**

> But, actually, I am not talking about will power,
> not talking about power xxx xxx.  
> **"power through your cravings."**

> Instead, I am talking about different notion xxx.  
> **a different notion of cravings**

> Looks like this, dropping the struggle, with your creavings, opening out them, letting them be there.  
> **Opening up to them,**

> And makeing peace with them.

> Now the point maybe critical.  
> **Now at this point you may be very skeptical**

- skeptical adj.不相信的，持怀疑态度的；

> I was,when I first xxx year ago.  
> **when I first heard about it years ago**.

> A friend of mime, came to me , with a book,on living this.  
> **on willingness.**

> He said, Joson, this book will change your life, forever.

> And I said, oh, ok,yeah, I will check it out.

> So, I, I went through it.

> I xxx like sackle buble.  
> **and thought, "Nah, this is a bunch of psycho-babble,"**.

- bunch /bʌntʃ/ n. 束，串，扎；一伙 v.捆，扎，使集中
- psycho-babble n 心理呓语

> xxx. xxxx.
> **and tossed it aside.**.

- toss v.（轻轻地或随意地）扔，抛，掷；向后甩 n.掷硬币决定

> Until, some years later.

> My wife brought me to work shopp xxx in university in Waston.  
> **brought me to a workshop on willingness at the University of Washington,**

- workshop n.车间，工场，作坊；研讨会，讲习班

> And I was below away.
> **blown away.**

- blow
  v.（风）刮，吹；（用嘴）吹气；吹响，吹奏；毁掉
  n.大风，强风；吹气，擤鼻子；猛击，一击；奋斗，努

> So I read the book, and I read a lot of books on willingness.

> And I get trained in it.

> And what I learned was a willingness,is a part of exceptence.  
> **acceptance**

> In exceptence of xxxxxx.  
> **in the Acceptance and Commitment Therapy approach to behavior change.**

- therapy n.治疗，疗法；心理治疗；（对身心健康）有裨益的

> It is abrot approached to be here to be changed  
> **It's a broad approach to behavior change**

- broad adj.宽广的，宽阔的；……宽；咧开嘴的；广泛的

> in use , to help people with inside the soilder source, addictions,
> **that's being used to help people with anxiety disorders, with addictions**

- anxiety /æŋˈzaɪəti/

> even something invited companies are now using it to help improve behaviors to performance and reduce their stress.

> Now to understand why I was belong away, you have to understand the world I live in.  
> **blown away,**

5:18

> In my research world, a common way you help people quote smoking lose way, is teach some tool avoid their cxxx.
> **a common way you help people quit smoking and lose weight, is you teach them to avoid their cravings.**

> Avoid thinking about smoking.

> Distract yourself from xxx creways.
> **from food cravings.**

> There's a song, from xxx shown, caches the xxx prefectly.
> **There's a song from a Broadway show that captures this perfectly.**

> It goes like this, when you started to get confused because force your head,
> **because of thoughts in your head,**

> don't feel lose feelings, hold the xxx instead,
> **hold them in instead.**

> turn it off, like xx which just go quick.
> **Turn it off like a light switch just go click.**

> We do it all the time. When you feel third feelings that don't seem right.
> **when you're feeling certain feelings that just don't seem right.**

> Treat those past feelings like reading like. And turn them off.  
> **Treat those pesky feelings like a reading light and turn them off.**.

- pesky /ˈpeski/ adj.讨厌的，麻烦的

> We all live in this world, the song we hear is taking off the bad feelings.  
> **where the song we keep hearing is "turn off the bad feelings."**

> Now, let's take a look at these cookies.

> They just came out the xxx , all here so good. They are so delicious.  
> **They just came out of the oven ooh, they are so good!**

- oven /ˈʌv(ə)n/ n.烤炉，烤箱；小熔炉，小窑；

> Just feel the cxxx tea. They are lovly, so good.  
> **just feel that craving to eat those cookies.**

> Now turn it off.

> You want those xxx xxx ,right?  
> **You want those cookies even more now, right?**

> You see the xxx, you try to turn it off, you can't turn off.  
> **You see the futility of trying to turn it off.**

- futility /fjuːˈtɪləti/ n.无用；徒劳；无价值

> Maybe, you don't have to.

> Maybe, you can leave the live on.  
> **Maybe, you can leave the light on.**

> Here's how.

> My reasearch xxx xxx cancer rexxx conceiler.  
> **My research lab at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, here in Seattle,**

> He's conducting xxx trails.  
> **is conducting randomized clinical trials**

- randomized adj.[数]随机化的，随机的
- clinical adj.诊所的，医务室的；临床的，临床诊断的；冷静的，无感情的
- trials n.尝试，努力；审判；考验 （trial 的复数）

> To see ,if showing people how to xx craving thire xxx , is facting xxx smoking.  
> **how to be willing to have their cravings**  
> **is effective for quitting smoking.**

> We are conducting trails or face to face interventions, and a telphone quite smoking on lines, and website called webbook doctor work.  
> **a telephone quit smoking hotline and a website called webquit.org**

> And in the app, called smart quite.  
> **in an app**

> These technologies hell the petional, to reach millions of peolple, with their ventions, that could save their lives.  
> **have the potential to** > **with interventions that**

- interventions n.[法]干预，干涉；处置（intervention 的复数）

> That's pretty amazing.

> And we tell you about data, when you pull togther the source from six xx trails, or six that have been publish today,  
> **And let me tell you about the data.When you pool together the results from six clinical trials,all six that have been published to date,**

- pool n.游泳池；池塘，水坑；一小片（液体或光） v.集中（资源、钱财等）以备共用；积水成洼

> concluding trails by their callings.
> **including trials conducted by our colleagues,**

- conduct v.实施，进行；指挥；带领，引导；举止，表现；传导

> What we see, is that from people who were assigned to avoid the aventional,
> avoiding the crevens.  
> **to the avoidance approach - avoiding your cravings —-**

- avoidance n.避免，避开；废止

> Some of them quite smoking, and very depend on the study.  
> **and it varied depending on the study.**

- varied
  adj.各种各样的，形形色色的；多变的；杂色的
  v.（使）不同，（使）呈现差异；（根据情况而）变化，改变；改变，使……变化（vary 的过去式和过去分词）

> However, for the people who were rarely sign to the rxxx condition, twice, is many, quite smoking.  
> **who were randomly assigned to the willingness condition,twice as many quit smoking.**

- randomly adv.（统计）随机地；胡乱地，任意地

> Very very encrege.  
> **Very, very encouraging.**

- encouraging adj. 鼓舞人心的，鼓励的 v.鼓励，激励；鼓动，怂恿，支持

> Now, of course,the data only tell us one small part of story.

> So, to help you see, rolling is an action,  
> **So, to help you see willingness in action,**

> I'm not wave togther experience I have cosaling people, quite smoking.  
> **I'm going to weave together experiences I've had in counseling people for quitting smoking.**

> And all togther, reffer, to the must one person, we just called Jane,  
> **And I'll together refer to them as one person, that we'll just call Jane.**

> So as typical, people who came in, wants help to quite smoking,  
> **So, as is typical of people who come in to want help for quitting smoking,**

> Jane said 45 year old person, who started smoking was tenager.  
> **Jane was a 45-year-old person, who started smoking when she was a teenage**

> She tried to quite smoking several times, and was not successful.

> So she was very snapcal, when I said xxx to get help for her to quite.  
> **So, she was very skeptical that anything "new"， was going to be helpful to her for quitting,**

- skeptical adj.不相信的，持怀疑态度的；（哲）怀疑论的，不可知论的

> And she was very helpful, this time will be different.  
> **was really hopeful that**

> So the first thing that I showed Jane, was to be willing

> does to be ware of her xxx of her body.  
> **that is to be aware, of her cravings in her body.**

> So to notice, we saw xxx within in her body.  
> **So to notice where she felt cravings in her body.**

> And when I did this, I aksed her xxx bad, and just
> xxx xxx of her own time.  
> **And what I did was I asked her to journal that, and just to track the intensity over time,**

- journal n.杂志，期刊，报纸；日记，日志；（会计）日记账
- intensity n.强烈，剧烈；（光、声音等的）强度

> And say she if smoke afterawards.  
> **and to see if she'd smoke afterwards.**
> V
> And explain this, she stoped, she says, what are you talking about.  
> **So in the middle of explaining this, she stops me and says,**

> I don't have creaviness.

- cravings

> I just smoke.

> So I said, well, when I tried, we will see what happens, and it doesn't work, I'll try something else.  
> **Well, why don't you try it, and we'll see what happens,and if it doesn't work, we'll try something else."**

> So, she came back, we player, she said, you know,  
> **she came back a week later**

> I had been tracking my previce.I have been tracking them all the time.  
> **my cravings,**

10:00

> And now ,I can't stop about aginst smoking.  
> **And now I can't stop thinking about smoking!**

> What am I supposed to do?

> Well, right of you ,my answer, Let's behind the things.  
> **Well, before I tell you my answer, let'’s look behind the scenes.**

> Now it's probably going on here, we said Jane has benn cxxx all along.  
> **Now, what was probably going on here was that Jane was having cravings all along,**

> And like a lot of us, she was living on out of poplit.  
> **she was living on autopilot.**

- autopilot n.[航]自动驾驶仪

> He waked up in the morning, smoked a singrete, he had a cup of coffee, smoked a sigrete, begin the car, you smoke a sigret.  
> **You wake up in the morning, you smoke a cigarette,you have a cup of coffee, you smoke a cigarette,you get in the car, you smoke a cigarette.**

> We often just not aware of what we think and what we feel before we act.

> So I answer Jane, what to be willing.  
> **So, my answer to Jane was to be willing,**

> And one of the way, we should do that, was an exercise called I have a fought.  
> **and one of the ways I showed her to do that was with an exercise called "I am having the thought".**

> So one of Jane's thoughts, before she had a sigret, was I feeling out of stressed right now I really need a sigret.

- cigarette

10:56

> So I ansered the add frese, I'm having the thought.  
> **So I asked her to add the phrase**

- phrase n. 短语，词组；惯用语，v. 用……方式表达，

> Like this, I'm having a thought,  
> **the thought**

> I'm feeling out of stressed right now, I really need a sigret.  
> **out of stress**

- cigarette

> Then I answered the ted fress, I notice I have a thought.  
> **Then I asked her to add the phrase "I'm noticing I'm having the thought,"**

> So I'm noticing,that I'm having a thought, then I full of stessed and I really need a sigret.  
> **that I'm feeling a lot of stress right now,**

- cigarette

> Now we can all do exercise like this, when we have nagtive thought.  
> **when we have any kind of negative thought.**

> like my thought, I'm boring, I xxx by talk.  
> **Like for my thought that "I'm boring all of you with my talk"**

> And I'm having a log, I'm xxx of you of my talk.  
> **and I'm having the thought that I'm boring all of you with my talk.**

> So what does exercise did.  
> **So, what this exercise did is it gave me a little bit of space**

> It give me a little space between me and my thoughts.

> And it's in that space, that I can choose not to run put of fifty handrd people.  
> **run off the stage in front of 1,500 people.**

> And the fact is we don't act on every thought we have ,because if we did, we all be in whole of travel.  
> **we'd all be in a whole lot of trouble.**

> So, is what help for Jane.
> **this was helpful to Jane**

> But there was something else, that was really difficult.

> For Jane, I thought a lot of compassion for her about it.  
> **I felt a lot of compassion**

- compassion n.同情，怜悯

> And I was the judgement that is xx for people, when he would be outside for a sigrette.  
> **That was the judgment that she felt from people when she would be outside smoking a cigarette.**

> Then cxxx for her husband, for being a smoker.

- criticism n. 批评，批判；意见；评论，评价

> And the self loading that she developed about smoking.

> And she done with shame, by having a sigrette, which gave her xxx until shame came back.  
> **And she dealt with this shame by having a cigarette, which gave her relief temporarily until the shame came back.**

- relief n.（因恐惧、忧虑或痛苦的消除而感到的）宽慰，轻松；（疼痛或不快的）减轻，缓解
- temporarily adv.暂时地，临时地

> So I said to Jane, what will be like, if you try to honor, this feeling of shame, as a part of humani experience.  
> **What would it be like if we tried to honor this feeling of shame as part of the human experience?**

> If you had a close friend, who is feeling shame about smoking, I said to Jane, what will you offer to this friend, as words of caring and kindness.

> And could you then offer those of words, do your self Jane.  
> **offer those words to yourself**

> Ans she looked up, and she had this look, of this tempory resxx.  
> **temporary respite**

- respite n.（不快或困难的）暂缓，暂延；（做不喜欢的事之前的）暂缓，喘息 v.<罕>暂缓执行（判决），暂缓履行

> From hte shame, which make it a lit bit easier next time.

> Not act on the cxx.  
> **not to act on the craving.**

> So here is the secret of self control, the secret deserve control, is to give up control.

> Because otherwise, we get into xxx, with a monster,
> a creaving monster.  
> **get into a tug-of-war with a monster, a craving monster.**

- tug-of-war n.拔河；激烈竞争

> And creaing monster says, come on, smoke a sigrette,
> come on, have that cookie.  
> **the craving monster**

> And you hear the other sound, no, creaving monster, I'm in control of myself.  
> **And you're on the other side saying, No craving monster, I'm going to distract myself from you, I'm going to ignore you, no, no, no, no."**

> The cxx monster says, no, no ,you want it.  
> **\*And the craving monster says, "No, no, come on, you know you want it!"**

> And you just back here, you are going back and force ,back and force.  
> **forth and back and forth**

- forth adv. 离去，外出；（带）来，（拿）出；自……以后，向前；产生，得出

> And pretty soon, the monster crea out of power of you,  
> **the craving monster overpowers you**

- overpowers v．压倒，制服，战胜：在力量、影响或效果上超过或控制某人或某物

> you have that cookie ,you have that sigrette.

> And so the ccxxx monster come back, and you on the xx of war again,  
> **And then you're in the tug-of-war again doing what we've learned how to do.**

> doing what we learn how to do.

> And less ,and less ,you droft the rope.  
> **Unless - unless you drop the rope.**

> And when you discover, if you just allow the monster to be ,to accupid the space in your body, you will discover in a few minutes  
> **what you discover**  
> **occupy a space**

> the cxx monster is not xxx as appreas,
> **that the craving monster is not as threatening as he appears.**

> and sometimes he even goes away.

> As we break for lunch , we gona have choice what we eat.  
> **we're going to have choices of what to eat.**

> When you see them, try to be aware of xxx of your body,try to be willing to have those cxx seeings,  
> **When you see them, try to be aware of the cravings in your body, try to be willing to have those cravings.**

- craving

> pass on their own.  
> **See if they pass on their own.**

> And whatever choice you make, try to be experience a xx of caring
> **try to bring a spirit of caring**

> and kindness to yourself,

> for that of mountain that we are clmbing.
