### Secret of self control https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTb3d5cjSFI

> Let me tell you about my mom.

> my mom was 42 years old, when I was born.

> And she started exercising for the first time in her life.

> She started by running around the belog.

- block n 街段，街区；大楼，大厦; v 阻塞，堵塞（道路、管道等）

> And then, she started doing fiveK rases.

- race n 赛跑，速度竞赛；竞争，角逐; v.（和……）比赛，参加比赛

> And then, she started doing ten key <span style="color: pink;">rases</span>.

> And after that, she ran a maring phone.

- marathon
  n 马拉松赛跑；马拉松式的活动

> And after that, my mom did it <span style="color: pink;"> twice a log</span>.

- triathlon
  n 三项全能运动

> By the time, she was fifty seven years old.

> My mom was <span style="color: pink;"> tracking up a hill </span> to the base camp of <span style="color: pink;">mountain avrist </span>.

- trekking uphill
- trek
  n （尤指徒步）长途跋涉；（尤指在山中）远足
- uphill
  adv 向上地；往上坡
- Mt. Everest
  珠穆朗玛峰

> And let me tell you about my dad.

> When I was a kid, my dad used to take me to science classes.

> He was also my calculase teacher in high school.

- calculus n.微积分

> I wanted to cro under the desk.

- crawl v. 爬行，匍匐前进；缓慢移动，

> I learn<span style="color: pink;">ed</span> something important from my mom.

> The value of health.

> And I learn<span style="color: pink;">ed</span> something important from my dad.

> The value of science.

> And these two values have guided me on my track through life.

- trek v.（尤指徒步）长途跋涉；（尤指在山中）远足

> And they help me appreciate another ecdemic where officing and starting bowle.  
> **And they've helped me appreciate an epidemic that we are all facing.And it's not Ebola.**

> Instead, it is epidemic of healthy living.  
> **Instead, it is the epidemic of unhealthy living.**

> I have building people worldwide or on bees.  
> **A half billion people worldwide are obese.**

> And you would think, that fifty years after first US generases the support.
> **And you would think that 50 years after the first U.S. Surgeon General's report**

> on the dangerous of tabaco was published.

- tobacco n.烟草，烟叶；烟草制品；烟草植株；抽烟

> That we would be beyond probably smoking.  
> **the problem of smoking.**

> Today, a billion people worldwide use tobaco.

- tobacco n.烟草，烟叶；烟草制品；烟草植株；抽烟

> Tobaco and obisity, are the two of the most peraleble causes of crimature daff.  
> **Tobacco and obesity are two of the most preventable causes of premature death.**

- obesity n.过度肥胖，肥胖症
- preventable adj.可预防的；可阻止的；可防止的
- premature adj.过早的，提早的；早产的；草率的，仓促的

> Suburn use problems, if like try to solve reject person.  
> **Solving these problems is like trying to solve a jigsaw puzzle.**

- jigsaw n. 拼图玩具；错综复杂的情况，谜团；线锯，镂花锯，钢丝锯
  v. 用线锯锯；用线锯锯
- puzzle v. 使困惑，使迷惑；（因迷惑而）苦思，冥思苦想；（通过苦苦思索）解决（或弄清楚），理出头绪（puzzle sth. out）
  n. 测验智力（或知识）的游戏（或玩具，问题）；拼图游戏，拼图玩具；令人费解的人（或事物），难题

> We engae an help on healthy behaivers because of our jenatics.
> **We engage in unhealthy behaviors because of our genetics**

- engage v 雇用，聘请；参加，从事；吸引，引起；与……交战，开战；
- genetics n.遗传学；（有机体、特征等的）遗传性，遗传特征

> Because of our genatics, because berave of transmitters, because of enviromental xxx ,such as peers and medium.  
> **because of brain neurotransmitters,because of environmental influences such as peers and the media.**

- neurotransmitter n.神经传导物质（neurotransmitters 复数形式）
- peers n.同辈，同龄人

> Each of those pieces of parse, are not the things that you and I,can solve on our own.

- puzzle

> But there is one piece of parso, that may for the kid, are choices.  
> **But there is one piece of this puzzle that may hold the key:**

- puzzle

> But what we do, with our ciricess to engaed the behaviors, like smoking or over eating, are choices.
> **Our choices about what we do with our cravings to engage, in addictive behaviors like smoking or overeating.**.

- cravings n.渴望（craving 的复数）
- engage. v.雇用，聘请；参加，从事；吸引，引起；与……交战，开战；（使）（机器）啮合，接合

> There is a new science, of self control,

> may help the key to xxx the optimatics.  
> **that may hold the key to reversing these epidemics.**

- reversing v. 颠倒，完全改变；撤销，废除；使反转；交换

> It is called willingness.

> Willingness means allowing your xxxx to come and to go,

- cravings

> but not acting them by smoking or eating on healthy.  
> **while not acting on them by smoking or eating unhealthy.**

> But, actually, I am not talking about will power,
> not talking about power xxx xxx.  
> **"power through your cravings."**

> Instead, I am talking about different notion xxx.  
> **a different notion of cravings**

> Looks like this, dropping the struggle, with your creavings, opening out them, letting them be there.  
> **Opening up to them,**

> And makeing peace with them.

> Now the point maybe critical.  
> **Now at this point you may be very skeptical**

- skeptical adj.不相信的，持怀疑态度的；

> I was,when I first xxx year ago.  
> **when I first heard about it years ago**.

> A friend of mime, came to me , with a book,on living this.  
> **on willingness.**

> He said, Joson, this books will change your life, forever.

> And I said, oh, ok,yeah, I will check it out.

> So, I, I went through it.

> I xxx like sackle buble.
> **and thought, "Nah, this is a bunch of psycho-babble,"**.

- bunch n. 束，串，扎；一伙 v.捆，扎，使集中
- psycho-babble n 心理呓语

> xxx. xxxx.
> **and tossed it aside.**.

- toss v.（轻轻地或随意地）扔，抛，掷；向后甩 n.掷硬币决定

> Until, some years later.

> My wife brought me to work shopp xxx in university in Waston.  
> **brought me to a workshop on willingness at the University of Washington,**

- workshop n.车间，工场，作坊；研讨会，讲习班

> And I was below away.
> **blown away.**

- blow
  v.（风）刮，吹；（用嘴）吹气；吹响，吹奏；毁掉
  n.大风，强风；吹气，擤鼻子；猛击，一击；奋斗，努

> So I read the book, and I read a lot of books on willingness.

> And I get trained in it.

> And what I learned was a willingness,is a part of exceptence.  
> **acceptance**

> In exceptence of xxxxxx.  
> **in the Acceptance and Commitment Therapy approach to behavior change.**

- therapy n.治疗，疗法；心理治疗；（对身心健康）有裨益的

> It is abrot approached to be here to be changed
> **It's a broad approach to behavior change**

- broad adj.宽广的，宽阔的；……宽；咧开嘴的；广泛的

> in use , to help people with inside the soilder source, addictions,
> **that's being used to help people with anxiety disorders, with addictions**

> even something invited companies are now using it to help improve behaviors to performance and reduce their stress.

> Now to understand why I was belong away, you have to understand the world I live in.
> **blown away,**

5:18

> In my research world, a common way you help people quote smoking lose way, is teach some tool avoid their cxxx.
> **a common way you help people quit smoking and lose weight, is you teach them to avoid their cravings.**

> Avoid thinking about smoking.

> Distract yourself from xxx creways.
> **from food cravings.**

> There's a song, from xxx shown, caches the xxx prefectly.
> **There's a song from a Broadway show that captures this perfectly.**

> It goes like this, when you started to get confused because force your head,
> **because of thoughts in your head,**

> don't feel lose feelings, hold the xxx instead,
> **hold them in instead.**

> turn it off, like xx which just go quick.
> **Turn it off like a light switch just go click.**

> We do it all the time. When you feel third feelings that don't seem right.
> **when you're feeling certain feelings that just don't seem right.**

> Treat those past feelings like reading like. And turn them off.  
> **Treat those pesky feelings like a reading light and turn them off.**

> We all live in this world, the song we hear is taking off the bad feelings.  
> **where the song we keep hearing is "turn off the bad feelings."**

> Now, let's take a look at these cookies.

> They just came out the xxx , all here so good. They are so delicious.  
> **They just came out of the oven ooh, they are so good!**

> Just feel the cxxx tea. They are lovly, so good.  
> **just feel that craving to eat those cookies.**

> Now turn it off.

> You want those xxx xxx ,right?  
> **You want those cookies even more now, right?**

> You see the xxx, you try to turn it off, you can't turn off.  
> **You see the futility of trying to turn it off.**

> Maybe, you don't have to.

> Maybe, you can leave the live on.  
> **Maybe, you can leave the light on.**

> Here's how.

> My reasearch xxx xxx cancer rexxx conceiler.  
> **My research lab at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, here in Seattle,**

> He's conducting xxx trails.  
> **is conducting randomized clinical trials**

- randomized adj.[数]随机化的，随机的
- clinical adj.诊所的，医务室的；临床的，临床诊断的；冷静的，无感情的
- trials n.尝试，努力；审判；考验 （trial 的复数）

> To see ,if showing people how to xx craving thire xxx , is facting xxx smoking.  
> **how to be willing to have their cravings**  
> **is effective for quitting smoking.**

> We are conducting trails or face to face interventions, and a telphone quite smoking on lines, and website called webbook doctor work.  
> **a telephone quit smoking hotline and a website called webquit.org**

> And in the app, called smart quite.  
> **in an app**

> These technologies hell the petional, to reach millions of peolple, with their ventions, that could save their lives.  
> **have the potential to** > **with interventions that**

- interventions n.[法]干预，干涉；处置（intervention 的复数）

> That's pretty amazing.

> And we tell you about data, when you pull togther the source from six xx trails, or six that have been publish today,  
> **And let me tell you about the data.When you pool together the results from six clinical trials,all six that have been published to date,**

- pool n.游泳池；池塘，水坑；一小片（液体或光） v.集中（资源、钱财等）以备共用；积水成洼

> concluding trails by their callings.
> **including trials conducted by our colleagues,**

- conduct v.实施，进行；指挥；带领，引导；举止，表现；传导

> What we see, is that from people who were assigned to avoid the aventional,
> avoiding the crevens.  
> **to the avoidance approach - avoiding your cravings —-**

- avoidance n.避免，避开；废止

> Some of them quite smoking, and very depend on the study.  
> **and it varied depending on the study.**

- varied
  adj.各种各样的，形形色色的；多变的；杂色的
  v.（使）不同，（使）呈现差异；（根据情况而）变化，改变；改变，使……变化（vary 的过去式和过去分词）

> However, for the people who were rarely sign to the rxxx condition, twice, is many, quite smoking.  
> **who were randomly assigned to the willingness condition,twice as many quit smoking.**

- randomly adv.（统计）随机地；胡乱地，任意地

> Very very encrege.  
> **Very, very encouraging.**

- encouraging adj. 鼓舞人心的，鼓励的 v.鼓励，激励；鼓动，怂恿，支持

> Now, of course,the data only tell us one small part of story.

> So, to help you see, rolling is an action,  
> **So, to help you see willingness in action,**

> I'm not wave togther experience I have cosaling people, quite smoking.  
> **I'm going to weave together experiences I've had in counseling people for quitting smoking.**

> And all togther, reffer, to the must one person, we just called Jane,  
> **And I'll together refer to them as one person, that we'll just call Jane.**

> So as typical, people who came in, wants help to quite smoking,  
> **So, as is typical of people who come in to want help for quitting smoking,**

> Jane said 45 year old person, who started smoking was tenager.  
> **Jane was a 45-year-old person, who started smoking when she was a teenage**

> She tried to quite smoking several times, and was not successful.

> So she was very snapcal, when I said xxx to get help for her to quite.  
> **So, she was very skeptical that anything "new"， was going to be helpful to her for quitting,**

- skeptical adj.不相信的，持怀疑态度的；（哲）怀疑论的，不可知论的

> And she was very helpful, this time will be different.  
> **was really hopeful that**

> So the first thing that I showed Jane, was to be willing

> does to be ware of her xxx of her body.  
> **that is to be aware, of her cravings in her body.**

> So to notice, we saw xxx within in her body.  
> **So to notice where she felt cravings in her body.**

> And when I did this, I aksed her xxx bad, and just
> xxx xxx of her own time.  
> **And what I did was I asked her to journal that, and just to track the intensity over time,**

- journal n.杂志，期刊，报纸；日记，日志；（会计）日记账
- intensity n.强烈，剧烈；（光、声音等的）强度

> And say she if smoke afterawards.  
> **and to see if she'd smoke afterwards.**

> And explain this, she stoped, she says, what are you talking about.  
> **So in the middle of explaining this, she stops me and says,**

> I don't have creaviness.

- cravings

> I just smoke.

> So I said, well, when I tried, we will see what happens, and it doesn't work, I'll try something else.  
> **Well, why don't you try it, and we'll see what happens,and if it doesn't work, we'll try something else."**

> So, she came back, we player, she said, you know,  
> **she came back a week later**

> I had been tracking my previce.I have been tracking them all the time.  
> **my cravings,**

10:00

> And now ,I can't stop about aginst smoking.  
> **And now I can't stop thinking about smoking!**

> What am I supposed to do?

> Well, right of you ,my answer, Let's behind the things.  
> **Well, before I tell you my answer, let'’s look behind the scenes.**

> Now it's probably going on here, we said Jane has benn cxxx all along.  
> **Now, what was probably going on here was that Jane was having cravings all along,**

> And like a lot of us, she was living on out of poplit.  
> **she was living on autopilot.**

- autopilot n.[航]自动驾驶仪

> He waked up in the morning, smoked a singrete, he had a cup of coffee, smoked a sigrete, begin the car, you smoke a sigret.  
> **You wake up in the morning, you smoke a cigarette,you have a cup of coffee, you smoke a cigarette,you get in the car, you smoke a cigarette.**

> We often just not aware of what we think and what we feel before we act.

> So I answer Jane, what to be willing.  
> **So, my answer to Jane was to be willing,**

> And one of the way, we should do that, was an exercise called I have a fought.  
> **and one of the ways I showed her to do that was with an exercise called "I am having the thought".**

> So one of Jane's thoughts, before she had a sigret, was I feeling out of stressed right now I really need a sigret.

- cigarette

10:56

> So I ansered the add frese, I'm having a thought.

> Like this, I'm having a thought, I'm feeling out of stressed right now, I really need a sigret.

> Then I answered the ted fress, I notice I have a thought.

> So I'm noticing,that I;m having a thought, then I full of stessed and I really need a sigret.

> Now we can all do exercise like this, when we have nagtive thought, like my thought.

> I'm boring, I xxx by talk.

> And I'm having a log, I'm xxx of you of my talk.

> So what does exercise did.

> It give me a little space between me and my thoughts.

> And it's in that space, that I can choose not to run put of fifty handrd people.

> And the fact is we don't act on every thought we have ,because if we did, we all be in whole of travel.

> So is what help for Jane.

> But there was something else, that was really diffcult.

> For Jane, I thought a lot of compassion for her about it.

> And I was the judgement that is xx for people, when he would be outside for a sigrette.

> Then cxxx for her husband, for being a smoker.

> And self loading, she developed about smoking.

> And she done with shame, by having a sigrette, which gave her xxx until shame came back.

> So I said to Jane, what will be like, if you try to honor, this feeling of shame, as a part of humani experience.

> If you had a close friend, who was feeling shame about smoking, I said to Jane, what will you offer to this friend, as a words of caring and kindness.

> And could you then offer those of words, do your self Jane.

> Ans she looked up, and she had this look, of this tempory resxx.

> From shame, which make it a lit bit easier next time.

> Not act on the cxx.

> So here is the secret of self control, the secret deserve control, is to give up control.

> Because otherwise, we get into xxx, with a monster,
> a creaving monster.

> And creaing monster says, come on, smoke a sigrette,
> come on, have that cookie.

> And you hear the other sound, no, creaving monster, I'm in control of myself.

> The cxx monster says, no, no ,you want it.

> And you just back here, you are going back and force ,back and force.

> And pretty soon, the monster crea out of power of you, you have that cookie ,you have a sigrette.

> And so the ccxxx monster come back, and you on the xx of war again, doing what we learn how to do.

> And less ,and less ,you droft the rope.

> And when you discover, if you just allow the monster to be ,to accupid the space in your body, you will discover in afew mintues the cxx monster is not xxx as appreas, and sometimes even goes away.

> As we break for lunch , we gona have choice what we eat.

> When you see them, try to be aware of xxx of your body,try to be willing to have those cxx seeings,
> pass on their own.

> And whatever choice you make, try to be experience
> a xx of caring and kindness to yourself, for that of mountain that we are clmbing.
