### https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVFzbxmKNUw

> Picture this

> you are going on a boot trip  
> **boat trip**

> and you get on the hore with your family.
> **get on board**

> and you got your bags

> and the captain comes out to greet you and says ,hi my name's Matina

> I'll be your captain for this journey

> Let's just have a great trip

> Nope, leave me all of these boat.
> **get me off this boat**

> What we want in that moment, is for the captain to work out and say: 'Hi, My name's Matina, I'll be your captain for this journey, Let's have a great trip'

> the point is, when you are the speaker, you are the captain for that journey, and how you show up really matters

> for the last 17 years, I have coached thousands of speakers all over the world, from big tec companies to small startups,  
> **tech**

> and every one from new highers, to ceos, a 45 hundred companies want to know, how do you show up and look confident.
> **new hires** > **to CEOs of Fortune 500 companies**

> So I'd like to share my top five tips for how to be confident ,even if you're not

> so Let's break it down,

> what was the difference between those two captains,

> what did you see , what did you hear

> and not just you known, one seemed nerveros, one seemed confident

> but what was I doing differnetly to make you think that, different valumn, different words, certainly different body language.
> **volume**

> but the truth is, I wasn't actually feeling perticalurly confident.  
> **particularly**

> I was just making through it fiziacal, and xxx choices to make you think that.  
> **physical** > **vocal choices**

> you can do that too

> anyone can do this

> so what are those confident looking choices,

> number one , turn up the energy and speak up

> when you speak up, even just a little bit, it rids a confident,  
> **it reads as confident**

> you don't have to shout,

> think about this way

> on the scale of one to ten, aim for a five

> yes, it goes to eleven,

> but you can just aim for a five,

> I'm here, at five, right now

> I can break it in better down three here,  
> **I can bring it back down to a three here**

**And we bring it backk up to a five**.

> It sounds prepared, positive, and confident

> So turn up the energy, and speak up

> number two

> pause, like a boss

> nervous speakers tend to speak really fast , right?

> \*\*\* lend them when they do have positive and verble feeler likes.  
> **And when they do have a pause, they fill it in with verbal filler, like and ums**

> however, if you try to speak more slowly,

> It sounds like this,

> right,it's not better

> so instead, make xxx pauses.  
> **strategic**

> Pause in transition, pause for emphasis, pause like a boss

> number three, super hero stands.
> **stance**

> image you are a super hero, you can do it form you chair

> how would a super hero sit

> yes, let that change your passchair, I see you,  
> **change your posture**

> let that bring a smile to your face

> and have some better , I can tact,  
> **eye contact**

> all of that reads as confident

> and pretending to be a super hero is just a super quit way to have confident looking body language.
> **quick way**

> now, this one also goes to eleven

> you can just aim for a five, and that will be great,

> talking that cape and go save the day
> **Tuck in that cape**

> and you can stand the super hero backstage to push your confidence.  
> **boost**

> but I'm saying , run that super hero stands on stage,
> **bring that superhero stance**

> so your audience sees you as confident

> and if you need an easy short cut, just make the shape, of the confident person

> the audience can not read your mind, they don't know how your feeling

> so just make the shape, and they will go with it

> if you come over my house for dinner, and I open up the door

> and I was like, Hi, come on in , we are having chiken,  
> **chicken**

> you woule be like , oh ,this is a bad time

> you know, you got make a shape of a good host, make the smile shape, right

> it's a xxx shape.
> **instead of crossed arm shape**

> open up , Hi welcome , come on in

> if you are not sure, if you are making confident looking choices

> you can just video yourself and watch it back

> feel that just like what I used to say.  
> **I feel like I just saw you say**

> not one not one.
> **not doing that one**

> I know most people don't like to watch themselves

> I get it

> What you rather make that adjustment before in front of your audience.
> **but wouldn't you rather make that adjustment before you're in front of your audiences**

> yes videoing your self is a great way to check in to see that doing your taxnics.
> **techniques**

> also to see that, it's often didgree with you,  
> **it;s still authentically you**

> your version of confident captain

> now how can you do all these things on performance day

> number four practice with purpose

------5:35

> so make yourself xxxx skaschules, put in your calendar.
> **rehearsal schedule**

- rehearsal /rɪˈhɜːrs(ə)l/ n. 排练，排演；预演，演习；复述，重复
- schedule /ˈʃedjuːl/ n. 时间表，日程表；计划表；课程表；时刻表；v. 安排，计划；安排…的时间；把…列入日程表

> you can give yourself a little trip, when you do a run through  
> **a little treat 一份小小的奖励/一份小小的犒赏** > **a run through 一次快速浏览；一次简要的检查**

> and then make practice with purpose

> by giving yourself a specific goal and learning one new captain tacnic each day  
> **or layering in one new confident captain technique each day**

- layer /ˈleɪər/ n. 层，层次；覆盖物；层面；v. 分层；把（头发）分层剪短;
  现在分词 layering

> It's aweak before you revent  
> **if it's aweak before your revent**

> aim to run it all the way through at least once a day

> if you don't have time for one through

> just take opening, closing, running that three times in a role from anywhere  
> **and run that three times in a row from anywhere**

- in a row 一连串的 依次地

> when you are in a shower, when you walk your dog, when you make a meal for your kids

> I know my kids are very used to be walking around in the house , talking to myself

> whatever you need to do,to get in those reptations  
> **repetitions**

- /repəˈtɪʃ(ə)n/ n.重复，重说，重做； 重做的事，重说的话；重复的

> and don't be afraid of over practice

> don't let that stop you

> you can just let go of your xxxx script and from  
> **You can just let go of your verbatim script if it’s starting to sound robotic.**

- verbatim /vɜːrˈbeɪtɪm/ adv.一字不差地，逐字地 adj.一字不差的，逐字的
- robotic /rəʊˈbɒtɪk/ adj.机器人的；机械的；无感情的；冷漠的

> and you still use , you know bullet, point, speaker notes , to remind yourself of what would you like to say  
> **bullet**

- /ˈbʊlɪt/ n.子弹；弹丸；弹头；子弹状物；子弹形物

> and to Invite you to say a little bit differently each time to keep it fresh

> and let me be clear, by practice, <span style="color: red;">I mean</span> standing up , saying it out aloud, imaging in your audiences

> and inviting them in <span style="color: red;">clicking</span> through your side , doing <span style="color: red;">it</span> as much like <span style="color: red;">it</span> will be on the day

> wether it's <span style="color: red;">virtual</span> or in person

> and I know it <span style="color: red;">might</span> feel, a little funny

> saying it out aloud to yourself

> but think about when you learn a new sport

> or when you pratical a new musical instrument

> if you had a piano cancert on Friday.

> and you got a new music on Monday.

> would you only read your music everyday.

> and then play <span style="color: red;">it</span> for the very first time at the cancert on Firday

> no way.

> and yes. I see speakers do this all the time

> give yourself a chance.

> practice helps everything.

> and you can really <span style="color: red;">boost</span> your confidence to pratice with purpose.  
> **boost**

- boost /buːst/ v.使增长，推动；<美，非正式>偷窃；宣扬，推广 n.推动，促进；广告，宣扬

> by <span style="color: red;">layering in</span> one new tecnic each day.

> ok those <span style="color: red;">four techniques they</span> are. about how to appear confident.

> regardless how <span style="color: red;">you're</span> feeling.

> <span style="color: red;">I’ve got</span> one more tacbic for you.

> and that's the big one.

> but this is real <span style="color: red;">gem</span> and it's one make all the other shine.

**gem** /dʒem/ n.宝石，珍品；珍闻，佳话；珍品，瑰宝 adj. 最佳品质的

> this is number five

> the slient sentence.

> this is about what you choose to tell yourself.

> I have been a prefesssion actor since I was a kid

> and I have always loved going on stage as an actor as an speaker as an emss.

> and at the same time. I have often been <span style="color: red;">not just</span>neverous sometimes.

> downright terrfied to set upon stage.

> I'm shaking ,i'm sweading  
> **sweating**

- sweating /ˈswetɪŋ/ v.出汗，流汗；焦虑，发愁 n.出汗，流汗；焦虑，发愁

> what was I thinking , what do I do for myself

> and always unhelpful voices <span style="color: red;">flood in</span>, just try to make a stop <span style="color: red;">push it away</span>

> and of course ,never worked.

> and I kept going on stage because I love it.

> and years later.

> when I became a speaker coach.

> I got aks to do these prefessional <span style="color: red;">presentations</span>  
> **presentations n.（颁奖等）仪式，典礼；授予，颁发；（在仪式上接受的）奖项，赠予物**

> and I stil have noway to deal.

> with that <span style="color: red;"> massive anxiety.</span>  
> **massive**

- massive /ˈmæsɪv/ adj.巨大的，庞大的；猛烈的，剧烈的；占优势的，占主导地位的
- anxiety /æŋˈzaɪəti/ n.焦虑，忧虑；紧张，恐惧

> and I was like what can I do.

> and I thought, well ,what do I telling myself.

> what do you mess up, It better be perfect

> I realized, I was giving myself an impossible instruction to be perfect

> and that really was not working

> but what <span style="color: red;"> would </span> work , what would be a better message.

> and to figer that out , I have to go back to <span style="color: red;"> square </span> one like what do I want.

- square /skweər/ n.正方形；广场；平方；平方形 adj.成直角的；成方的；正方形的；直角的

> why did I say yes to this speaking gig.

- gig /ɡɪɡ/ n.演出；演出机会；演出合同；小餐馆

> what was my <span style="color: red;"> deeper </span> purpose here.

> and I realized <span style="color: red;"> at the heart of it </span>.

> I just want to help my audiences to the best of my ability

> and when I said that , I noticed everything change.

> now that's <span style="color: red;"> where </span> I found my first slient sentence.

> I want to help my audience to the best of my ablity

> when I said it even sliently to myself, <span style="color: red;"> it acted like this override switch. </span>

> and I was shaking and sweading

> but new I have this higher goal this deeper pourpose

> and everything align to that, that became my highest priority.

> I want to help you and now that thought replace those helpful thoughts.

> everything <span style="color: red;"> went </span> better in my performance.

> and I was like yes, it worked.

> <span style="color: red;"> And then I was like </span>

> how do I do this every time.

> espcasilly,<span style="color: red;">when the stakes are high </span>

> and it <span style="color: red;">dawned</span> on me.

- dawned on me = suddenly realized
- dawned v. 变得明朗，开始清楚；破晓，开始 n. 拂晓，黎明；曙光，开端

> if I'm riding, and crafting the words I say out aloud

- craft v. 制作，制作成；n 工艺，手艺

> why not ride and craft the words I say sliently to myself.

> putting in the screaft, it's in the slient part of this craft.
> <span style="color: red;">Put it in the script. It’s the silent part of the script</span>

> so now, every time I <span style="color: red;">rehearse</span>.

- rehearse v. 排练，排练 重复 详述 /rɪˈhɜːrs/

> every time I walk onto a stage.

> every time I enjoy a <span style="color: red;">virtual</span> meeting.

> I see the following new and evloved slient sentences

> I invite you to be here with me.

> while I'm here with you.

> so that I can make this easier for you.

> now that invitation. to myself to be present.

> that's my defination of stage <span style="color: red;">presence</span> being present

- presence n. 出席，到场；存在；出现；神采，仪态 /ˈprez(ə)ns/

> and that invitation to the audience, to be my partener

> that reminds me these are friends not <span style="color: red;">foes</span>.

- foes n. 敌人，仇敌 /foʊz/

> and i'm choosing to be here.

> and now I'm not just making the shape of a good host, I'm really, I'm a good host

> because I'm <span style="color: red;">genuinely</span> welcoming you to my world

- genuinely adv. 真诚地，由衷地 /ˈdʒenjuɪnli/

> now how do you go about finding your slient sentences

> what do you want

> what's your deeper pourpose

> you could be like me , and you just want to help people

> or it could be something more special,

> for example, you might want at least one person in your audience to walk out,and take a cpr class

> or maybe you're just super excited to have this experience

> or share with them some cool solutions you have for their problem

> you get to fill <span style="color: red;">in</span> the blank

> and decide what you want to <span style="color: red;">accomplish</span>

> and this is not about graduating to some higher never known being where you never again feel nervous

> I know I havn't , I was feeling pretty big about fifty mintues ago

> <span style="color: red;">while</span> getting ready working on stage, and I am

> and probably always will be a recovering professionest

> that is a <span style="color: red;">well-worn</span> passway in my brain

> It is ,there exits, can not be <span style="color: red;">erased</span>  
> **erased** /ɪˈreɪs/

- erased v.抹去，擦掉；删除；忘却；消除，消灭；（易）被擦掉，（易）被抹去

> but now , I have this other passway

> and when big moments like this come up

> I get to choose

> and that's what was I doing back there in wins

> I was choosing to generally insist on repeating my slient sentences to set meself up for success

> what we tell ourselves really matters

> we follow our instructions all day long

> and whole selves are always listening

> so when you notice something <span style="color: red;">isn’t</span> going well , or your feeling something might not go well in the future

> use this checklist, what am I telling myself, waht's been broadcast

> then repleace that with a better sentence

> to help set you up for where <span style="color: red;">you'd</span> like to go

> and most importantly, put it in the script , practice it just as much as words you say out loud

> and if you're running your aontrol in a shower three times in a role
> <span style="color: red;">if you’re running your intro in the shower three times in a row</span>

- intro /ˈɪntroʊ/ n.前奏，前言，导言；介绍；简介

> <span style="color: red;">it</span> will go slient be, out aloud be, slient, aloud,

> until it is <span style="color: red;">inextricably </span> linked

- inextricably /ˌɪnɪkˈstrɪkəbli/ adv.无法分离地，紧密地，紧密相连地

> and it is just a part of your process

> and it is repeatable and <span style="color: red;">reliable </span>

- reliable /rɪˈlaɪəblɪ/ adj.可靠的，可信赖的

> and it's just there for you when you need it

> now I want to leave you with this final thought

> when you are at home and <span style="color: red;">you’re practicing </span> some these <span style="color: red;">techniques</span> like turn up the energe and speak aloud , pause like a boss

> superhero <span style="color: red;">stance</span> , practice with pourpose and your slient sentences

- stance /stæns/ n.立场，观点，观点；姿势，姿态，体态

> please know, if I'm in uncomfortable at first, because it's new and that is normal

> but think back to when I was <span style="color: red;">demonstrating</span> the neverous captain at the top,

- demonstrate /dɪˈmɒnstreɪt/ v.证明，证实，展示

> how do that making the feel
> <span style="color: red;">How did that make you feel</span>

> and when the confident captain came out ,

> oh what a relief

> oh , I can just sit back, and <span style="color: red;">enjoy</span> the ride ,

> remember that feeling of safty you had as a audience member,

> and bring that into your next <span style="color: red;">rehearsal</span>

> you can give that gift to your audience

> reach outside your comfort zone and make your audience feel safe

> by making the choices of a confident captain and who knows

> you might even have fun

> have a great trip
